Hi and welcome to this week's Stella developer meeting with me in the studio
developer meeting with me in the studio here. Today I have Fernando from dop
here. Today I have Fernando from dop protocol and I can't exactly remember
protocol and I can't exactly remember when I heard about dop protocol for the
when I heard about dop protocol for the first time but I do remember I noticed
first time but I do remember I noticed that my feeds in all social media like
that my feeds in all social media like LinkedIn X anywhere this company just
LinkedIn X anywhere this company just started to pop up and there was articles
started to pop up and there was articles and they were going to conferences and I
and they were going to conferences and I just just got really curious about
just just got really curious about what's up with these guys what are they
what's up with these guys what are they doing so and and of course they were
doing so and and of course they were attacking Stellar in everything they
attacking Stellar in everything they were doing being awesome ambassadors. So
were doing being awesome ambassadors. So I started to to read a little bit up on
I started to to read a little bit up on what they're doing and since then I've
what they're doing and since then I've had the pleasure of meeting the the
had the pleasure of meeting the the whole team several times last last
whole team several times last last time actually this week in Silicon
time actually this week in Silicon Valley where I met Oscar but met the
Valley where I met Oscar but met the team also at Meridian many other
team also at Meridian many other places. So I think it's a great
places. So I think it's a great opportunity to have them here in the
opportunity to have them here in the studio and and hear what they're up to,
studio and and hear what they're up to, what they're doing and and share with
what they're doing and and share with the rest of the community. So welcome
the rest of the community. So welcome Fernando and thank you for joining
Fernando and thank you for joining today.
today. >> Yeah, thank you for the invitation Ken.
>> Yeah, thank you for the invitation Ken. I'm pleasure to be here. so should I
I'm pleasure to be here. so should I just now continue with the presentation?
just now continue with the presentation? >> Yeah, maybe maybe just just tell a
>> Yeah, maybe maybe just just tell a little bit about who you are, how
little bit about who you are, how long how long time you've been working
long how long time you've been working on protocol.
on protocol. >> A bit of an introduction. I'm
>> A bit of an introduction. I'm Fernando Castillo. I'm currently the CTO
Fernando Castillo. I'm currently the CTO of DOP protocol, one of the co-founders
of DOP protocol, one of the co-founders and
and our main goal now with the protocol
our main goal now with the protocol is to
is to be able to all of the infrastructure
be able to all of the infrastructure that's not being funded to get funded
that's not being funded to get funded by decentralized means. And now in
by decentralized means. And now in this presentation
this presentation hopefully I'm going to show a way on
hopefully I'm going to show a way on how we can do that with doken studio
how we can do that with doken studio and with the other tools we've been
and with the other tools we've been developing.
developing. So first yeah what's the team a
So first yeah what's the team a bit of also an introduction
bit of also an introduction car and already mentioned Oscar he's
car and already mentioned Oscar he's our CEO he's currently at Silicon
our CEO he's currently at Silicon Valley doing the embark pro program
Valley doing the embark pro program with Deron University in conjunction
with Deron University in conjunction with Stellar
with Stellar also we have Simone Spinola who's our
also we have Simone Spinola who's our operation and business officer and
operation and business officer and myself as I said already and also as a
myself as I said already and also as a side note I'm finishing my PhD until
side note I'm finishing my PhD until Berlin now I'm in Germany currently so
Berlin now I'm in Germany currently so it's a bit late for me now it's 10
it's a bit late for me now it's 10 p.m. But I'm happy to be here and
p.m. But I'm happy to be here and yeah so what's the the problem that we
yeah so what's the the problem that we are facing is that in Latin America
are facing is that in Latin America there are a lot of infrastructure
there are a lot of infrastructure operators that are lacking fund and they
operators that are lacking fund and they struggle to to scale because on
struggle to to scale because on traditional banking systems the they
traditional banking systems the they require to go to to ask to the bank to
require to go to to ask to the bank to then request for a loan then go through
then request for a loan then go through all the bureaucracy of the bank. but
all the bureaucracy of the bank. but then also time moves and they need
then also time moves and they need the the money to deploy and to create
the the money to deploy and to create this new infrastructure that is not
this new infrastructure that is not risky by itself but maybe the banks
risky by itself but maybe the banks consider is risky because of the type of
consider is risky because of the type of size of the company maybe or the type of
size of the company maybe or the type of emerging market. So it's but it's not
emerging market. So it's but it's not that the business business itself of
that the business business itself of that infrastructure is non
that infrastructure is non investable or that it will give money
investable or that it will give money returns.
returns. So as I was saying let's imagine that
So as I was saying let's imagine that you are Mariano you are trying to get a
you are Mariano you are trying to get a traditional credit a loan for for a
traditional credit a loan for for a bank. but this depending on the
bank. but this depending on the country also for example we've recently
country also for example we've recently seen in Argentina how this country
seen in Argentina how this country was facing high inflation rates or
was facing high inflation rates or similar situation with Venezuela
similar situation with Venezuela and other countries in Latin America
and other countries in Latin America with high inflation rates that then
with high inflation rates that then this ties those loans to higher interest
this ties those loans to higher interest rates plus the the risk on the country
rates plus the the risk on the country itself.
itself. so there's this problem of banks
so there's this problem of banks because of these situations not
because of these situations not giving beneficial loans to
giving beneficial loans to to these infrastructure operators and
to these infrastructure operators and at the same time if the
at the same time if the infrastructure operator would go for
infrastructure operator would go for example for a crowdfunding or a regular
example for a crowdfunding or a regular crowdfunding solution where they
crowdfunding solution where they could go online and then they could say
could go online and then they could say okay let's get all of these people
okay let's get all of these people request this this this amount of
request this this this amount of money. I don't know, let's ask for $100
money. I don't know, let's ask for $100 ,000
,000 so we can build this power grid based
so we can build this power grid based on on solar power. Then how then this
on on solar power. Then how then this operator could return or distribute
operator could return or distribute the revenue that this energy production
the revenue that this energy production is generating?
is generating? and how could they do it in a trust
and how could they do it in a trust trustworthy fashion. So all of the
trustworthy fashion. So all of the all of the people that were investing or
all of the people that were investing or supporting the project
supporting the project can can give the the the money back
can can give the the the money back or the the investment. And just as a
or the the investment. And just as a parenthesis latam infra operators are
parenthesis latam infra operators are Latin American infrastructure operators.
Latin American infrastructure operators. They are for example medium to small
They are for example medium to small companies
companies that have this infrastructure
that have this infrastructure projects. For example, a small or not so
projects. For example, a small or not so small but maybe a few kilowatts
small but maybe a few kilowatts or 100 kilowatts of power into
or 100 kilowatts of power into injecting into the energy grid. for
injecting into the energy grid. for example, a solar base or holic
example, a solar base or holic or there could be other type of
or there could be other type of infrastructure for example a data
infrastructure for example a data center or any type of infrastructure
center or any type of infrastructure that's not relying on a on a big
that's not relying on a on a big company because big companies
company because big companies they wouldn't have this type of
they wouldn't have this type of problem to to access credits or loans
problem to to access credits or loans from banks.
from banks. so in our or what are we proposing as
so in our or what are we proposing as a solution we have this separated in in
a solution we have this separated in in four steps. One is to provide a tool
four steps. One is to provide a tool for the operator
for the operator to hand out verifiable data from
to hand out verifiable data from their existing
their existing company or projects. So they can for
company or projects. So they can for example validate okay this solar
example validate okay this solar solar cell is going to produce this
solar cell is going to produce this amount of energy because it has this
amount of energy because it has this specifications.
specifications. I can I have already bought them for
I can I have already bought them for this price or I have this revenue
this price or I have this revenue evidence for similar
evidence for similar infrastructure
infrastructure pictures or proof of location for
pictures or proof of location for example for where is it installed the
example for where is it installed the the infrastructure
the infrastructure and that that's the first part of okay
and that that's the first part of okay how can we give some some
how can we give some some due diligence for example that's the
due diligence for example that's the same thing that the bank would go when
same thing that the bank would go when when this person goes to the bank. Okay,
when this person goes to the bank. Okay, show me the papers. How can I I know
show me the papers. How can I I know that you are not going to ask for the
that you are not going to ask for the money for an an madeup project, but
money for an an madeup project, but it's a real project and you're a real
it's a real project and you're a real company that was not just created
company that was not just created yesterday.
yesterday. Then all of this information is
Then all of this information is naturally audited and revised by
naturally audited and revised by by automated process that are human le.
by automated process that are human le. what does that mean? it means that
what does that mean? it means that we check for example okay this is a
we check for example okay this is a receipt but it has a digital
receipt but it has a digital signature. So it's not that this
signature. So it's not that this invoice for example you get from from
invoice for example you get from from another company paying for your service
another company paying for your service or for your infrastructure
or for your infrastructure is is making this up but at least
is is making this up but at least it's on on the record it's on the ledger
it's on on the record it's on the ledger of the tax offices for example or or the
of the tax offices for example or or the corresponding
corresponding regulatory
regulatory office in charge of of invoice
office in charge of of invoice and then so they they cannot be
and then so they they cannot be made up and the same with the with the
made up and the same with the with the revenues or how other distribution
revenues or how other distribution processes have been made.
And then so and and the and the third part is okay how can we then get this
part is okay how can we then get this decentralized funding into the hands
decentralized funding into the hands of Mariano the one that was asking for
of Mariano the one that was asking for the funding. So for this is where we
the funding. So for this is where we have the smart contracts that take care
have the smart contracts that take care of this operation where the
of this operation where the supporters for the project can support
supporters for the project can support Mariano's infrastructure project and
Mariano's infrastructure project and then he can gets the fund to install
then he can gets the fund to install or do the setup for their for their
or do the setup for their for their project. Then the same once
project. Then the same once Mariano needs or is going to pay back
Mariano needs or is going to pay back with the corresponding interest to their
with the corresponding interest to their supporters
supporters then the smart contract also takes care
then the smart contract also takes care of that with a decentralized
of that with a decentralized distribution that's transparent and it's
distribution that's transparent and it's auditable for all of the stakeholders.
And this is currently on on a suite that we're calling DO token studio.
that we're calling DO token studio. There
There basically we have two two types of
basically we have two two types of users. now we're thinking of a third
users. now we're thinking of a third user but the two main users of you
user but the two main users of you probably have noticed already are the
probably have noticed already are the infrastructure operator and the
infrastructure operator and the investor or supporter. on one side the
investor or supporter. on one side the infrastructure operator as I was saying
infrastructure operator as I was saying takes care of uploading the information
takes care of uploading the information the device information how this is
the device information how this is technically behaving how is the type of
technically behaving how is the type of revenue it's going to generate is
revenue it's going to generate is it's going to generate distributions or
it's going to generate distributions or revenue distributions
revenue distributions every month every week or every
every month every week or every quarter or annually. And those are the
quarter or annually. And those are the those sets the expected APR
those sets the expected APR that the infrastructure operator is
that the infrastructure operator is offering. once this is done then
offering. once this is done then this goes into the blockchain. So it's
this goes into the blockchain. So it's it's committed that okay this is the
it's committed that okay this is the information we're committed for the
information we're committed for the posterior auditing and then as I said
posterior auditing and then as I said this is reviewed the authenticity and
this is reviewed the authenticity and the validity of the information
the validity of the information >> maybe maybe you can just have a moment
>> maybe maybe you can just have a moment there's there's a couple of questions
there's there's a couple of questions >>
>> yes so yes actually well going for
yes so yes actually well going for the first question what are latam in
the first question what are latam in front of operator Latin operators are
front of operator Latin operators are Latin American infrastructure operators.
Latin American infrastructure operators. They are the ones that that want to get
They are the ones that that want to get funded.
funded. RWS and infra are inherently illquid.
RWS and infra are inherently illquid. How do you address that? Yes. that's
How do you address that? Yes. that's one of the innovation that we are we are
one of the innovation that we are we are doing is that we are not tokenizing
doing is that we are not tokenizing maybe that was one point that I was
maybe that was one point that I was missing is that we are not tokenizing
missing is that we are not tokenizing the infrastructure by itself but what we
the infrastructure by itself but what we are focusing is on the revenue this
are focusing is on the revenue this infrastructure is going to to generate
infrastructure is going to to generate and that comes with a higher risk
and that comes with a higher risk obviously but then it balances is the
obviously but then it balances is the higher risk with the with a higher APR.
higher risk with the with a higher APR. how do you solve regulatory
how do you solve regulatory compliance low issues? yes, this is
compliance low issues? yes, this is I I I I really don't think I will be
I I I I really don't think I will be able to address all of those
able to address all of those regulatory compliance issues, but I can
regulatory compliance issues, but I can say that because of the of the nature of
say that because of the of the nature of the project that as I was saying earlier
the project that as I was saying earlier we are not tokenizing an asset and it
we are not tokenizing an asset and it itself but we are working with the
itself but we are working with the future revenue it will produce that can
future revenue it will produce that can solve
solve other type of compliance around
other type of compliance around regulation issues but also it's
regulation issues but also it's important to mention that this is
important to mention that this is very local and depending on on on
very local and depending on on on each country finally so it will it
each country finally so it will it won't be the same for example the same
won't be the same for example the same in the US and here in Germany or in
in the US and here in Germany or in Chile
Chile okay then wait pay is this a loan or
okay then wait pay is this a loan or is it a revenue participating in the
is it a revenue participating in the project
project Yes. So this can be considered as
Yes. So this can be considered as m multiple things. So in the end is
m multiple things. So in the end is the this revenue for the what the
the this revenue for the what the infrastructure generates that's as I was
infrastructure generates that's as I was saying is what's being kind of
saying is what's being kind of tokenized.
tokenized. so but then if you look at from a
so but then if you look at from a different perspective then or the
different perspective then or the traditional perspective this could be
traditional perspective this could be taken as alone from the chat file. I
taken as alone from the chat file. I I see Oscar was as
I see Oscar was as now
now
is there I don't know is who review central yes I think that's those are
central yes I think that's those are most of the questions then yes this
most of the questions then yes this is obviously this is a a regulated
is obviously this is a a regulated service it cannot is not the the
service it cannot is not the the wild west But now I I will focus
wild west But now I I will focus mostly on the technological part of how
mostly on the technological part of how we are addressing these issues because
we are addressing these issues because for compliance I think we we can take a
for compliance I think we we can take a bit longer to answer all of those
bit longer to answer all of those questions.
Okay. So I'll continue then. so with this we are offering multiple
with this we are offering multiple features
features in this platform that this we can
in this platform that this we can submit multiple type of evidence.
submit multiple type of evidence. this is based on on the concept of
this is based on on the concept of trusts where we are producing evidence
trusts where we are producing evidence for all of the stages and all of the
for all of the stages and all of the interaction the infrastructure and the
interaction the infrastructure and the operators are generating and producing.
operators are generating and producing. What does that mean? For example,
What does that mean? For example, when the operator the first one I
when the operator the first one I I mentioned it already, the operator can
I mentioned it already, the operator can submit, okay, these are the technical
submit, okay, these are the technical specifications or this is an invoice.
specifications or this is an invoice. but then we can get more complex
but then we can get more complex evidence when we start to aggregate
evidence when we start to aggregate different types of evidence because
different types of evidence because one in invoice alone for alone for
one in invoice alone for alone for example would mean okay you you will
example would mean okay you you will you will receive this payment in the
you will receive this payment in the future or you are receiving it now but
future or you are receiving it now but then to do the accounting evidence
then to do the accounting evidence for example for that we need to connect
for example for that we need to connect with the ERP of the of the business and
with the ERP of the of the business and that's more complex than just
that's more complex than just verifying a a single invoice. Then
verifying a a single invoice. Then humanoled guided integrity check
humanoled guided integrity check means that even though this
means that even though this project or what we are doing is
project or what we are doing is highly depending on automatization
highly depending on automatization automat automation
automat automation we still require people in the
we still require people in the loop. personally looked at so
loop. personally looked at so everything goes yes as as I was
everything goes yes as as I was mentioning earlier on the the accord
mentioning earlier on the the accord regulation then will rely on the
regulation then will rely on the onchain verification module so all of
onchain verification module so all of the transactions especially for the the
the transactions especially for the the the stakeholders that are supporting the
the stakeholders that are supporting the project or the infrastructure operator
project or the infrastructure operator they can see how all of these actions
they can see how all of these actions are being verified and chained how
are being verified and chained how they are transparent with the respective
they are transparent with the respective proofs.
proofs. And finally
And finally as every project is different
as every project is different all of them will have a different type
all of them will have a different type of scorings for for and with this will
of scorings for for and with this will represent basically from high risk
represent basically from high risk project to and higher APR and
project to and higher APR and lower risk and lower therefore APR
and in practical terms how is this the overview of this this smart
the overview of this this smart contracts in particular for the token
contracts in particular for the token studio is that we as the the or
studio is that we as the the or the infrastructure operator deploys the
the infrastructure operator deploys the the splitter contract
the splitter contract and there we have different functions
and there we have different functions to define the shareholders
to define the shareholders how are they going to be allocated,
how are they going to be allocated, how are they going to do the
how are they going to do the withdrawals every how how often
withdrawals every how how often are going to be the distribution events
are going to be the distribution events and to which token is this binded
and to which token is this binded regularly we will be working with
regularly we will be working with USDC
USDC but for example this could take other
but for example this could take other type of tokens if that's how that
type of tokens if that's how that project is defined but most of most
project is defined but most of most of the time we work with USDC
of the time we work with USDC and in in simple terms it's super
and in in simple terms it's super s I think it's super easy to
s I think it's super easy to understand if there's one chair
understand if there's one chair holder or token holder with the 10%
holder or token holder with the 10% then once the distribution take place
then once the distribution take place all of the
all of the all of the revenue that was generated
all of the revenue that was generated and was deposited in into the smart
and was deposited in into the smart contract then it will go a 10% into
contract then it will go a 10% into the the one that has a 10% of of the
the the one that has a 10% of of the tokens.
tokens. So on how this distribution flow goes
So on how this distribution flow goes is that first
is that first we have the admin that communicates
we have the admin that communicates to the distri to the splitter contract
to the distri to the splitter contract that's going to do the distribution
that's going to do the distribution what's the token address then this is
what's the token address then this is verified inside of the smart contract
verified inside of the smart contract then it verifies
then it verifies then check the current balance for
then check the current balance for example are those Are there 100
example are those Are there 100 tokens to to distribute and then in each
tokens to to distribute and then in each case it's the loop checking on the
case it's the loop checking on the token holders
token holders and the respective balance and and
and the respective balance and and there that's how it does the calculation
there that's how it does the calculation and this goes then into the storage
and this goes then into the storage class where where finish where it's
class where where finish where it's finished with the distribution. It's
finished with the distribution. It's really straightforward.
really straightforward. Then for the withdraw then the each
Then for the withdraw then the each shareholder or token holder goes into
shareholder or token holder goes into the the splitter
the the splitter it does the prospective verification
it does the prospective verification check with the storage what's the
check with the storage what's the current allocation then decrease on the
current allocation then decrease on the storage part then
storage part then communicates directly with the token
communicates directly with the token the token does a transfer with a good
the token does a transfer with a good successful withdraw
successful withdraw And then it goes again to the to the
And then it goes again to the to the throold
throold and at the storage level this is just
and at the storage level this is just just in case I'm presenting it this
just in case I'm presenting it this like this because we are currently
like this because we are currently going under the respective revisions and
going under the respective revisions and auditings. so it's it cannot be
auditings. so it's it cannot be everything public. I mean this can
everything public. I mean this can but not the code itself yet.
but not the code itself yet. And then we have the the cher data
And then we have the the cher data key, the config data key and the
key, the config data key and the allocation data key which basically
allocation data key which basically defines
defines how is the
how is the how is the charge for each data holder,
how is the charge for each data holder, who's the admin, all of the security,
who's the admin, all of the security, what's the allocation for each token
what's the allocation for each token holder and and then how this can be
holder and and then how this can be allocated each time the distribution
allocated each time the distribution goes.
Then here on the security level on how we are
on the security level on how we are defining we are taking this very
defining we are taking this very seriously defining the access
seriously defining the access control policies admin only function the
control policies admin only function the authentication the lock on contract the
authentication the lock on contract the transfer contracts
transfer contracts also we have our internal scripts
also we have our internal scripts for doing the a to have a deployer and
for doing the a to have a deployer and do an anatomical
do an anatomical operations. So we don't run on front run
operations. So we don't run on front run is front front running
is front front running then we have allocation limits some
then we have allocation limits some validations
validations and and so on.
and and so on. and this as a first case we've
and this as a first case we've presented this to investment of returns
presented this to investment of returns for the for the the investors or
for the for the the investors or supporters of of the project of
supporters of of the project of infrastructure. But this for example
infrastructure. But this for example could be used as token vesting models
could be used as token vesting models over team members on time for similar
over team members on time for similar to the revenue trading for a DAO
to the revenue trading for a DAO treasury or for reward distribution.
And then for the particular the feature that were missing for
the feature that were missing for before are that this is a secure and
before are that this is a secure and transparent way on how this
transparent way on how this distribution
distribution method is performed because all of
method is performed because all of the transactions are done on chain and
the transactions are done on chain and that these transactions are then
that these transactions are then proportional to each one of the
proportional to each one of the supporters.
So yes, thank you very much. I I hope I didn't pass on time and
I didn't pass on time and >> we we have we have a few questions.
>> we we have we have a few questions. >> in in the chat I think.
>> in in the chat I think. >> okay.
>> okay. >> I think the
>> I think the answer
answer >> yes. So where I was I left is it
>> yes. So where I was I left is it either alone with interest or is it at
either alone with interest or is it at your particip Yes. As I said, it's more
your particip Yes. As I said, it's more of a chair participation of the project.
of a chair participation of the project. I was making the the loan with interest
I was making the the loan with interest at the beginning to make the analogy
at the beginning to make the analogy with traditional banking settings.
with traditional banking settings. who will review centralized entities?
who will review centralized entities? yes. I mean this needs to go all
yes. I mean this needs to go all of all of the businesses and infrastruct
of all of the businesses and infrastruct which are the infrastructure operators
which are the infrastructure operators in this case goes into a know your
in this case goes into a know your business process because this has to
business process because this has to also go with antimony laundering
also go with antimony laundering policy and and all of those regulations.
policy and and all of those regulations. does that mean that the entire review
does that mean that the entire review process and due diligence is no the
process and due diligence is no the proofs or more than the proofs the
proofs or more than the proofs the the hash of the proofs and the evidence
the hash of the proofs and the evidence are stored unchanged because we cannot
are stored unchanged because we cannot just publish yeah accounting
just publish yeah accounting states or financial states from
states or financial states from companies on chain. is it really 100%
companies on chain. is it really 100% of the project's revenue or is it some
of the project's revenue or is it some Yes. so when when we consider this
Yes. so when when we consider this there's for the for example the the
there's for the for example the the energy production that a solar panel is
energy production that a solar panel is going to to generate
going to to generate it's going let's say it generates 100
it's going let's say it generates 100 dollars per week. Then from
dollars per week. Then from this there's a minimal amount
this there's a minimal amount that's defined during the creation of
that's defined during the creation of the project that needs to go by to
the project that needs to go by to the operation itself. that could be
the operation itself. that could be for example 30% or 20% that
for example 30% or 20% that depends on the on the project.
depends on the on the project. so it's finally on the
so it's finally on the discounted from the operation then
discounted from the operation then that's what goes into the what's the
that's what goes into the what's the distributed how could you manage then
distributed how could you manage then state expiration if you are storing
state expiration if you are storing hashes on chain
hashes on chain
do you mean like if a proof is expired for example I I'm not
expired for example I I'm not to which state do you mean?
to which state do you mean? world matias.
>> Yes. so that is so when proofs are verified
that is so when proofs are verified it it depends on the type of pro proof
it it depends on the type of pro proof and there are multiple risk risk when
and there are multiple risk risk when you verify proofs. certainly one is
you verify proofs. certainly one is for example using old proofs or
for example using old proofs or reusing proofs. Other is
reusing proofs. Other is just trying to use past evidence as
just trying to use past evidence as newly evidence. But all of those
newly evidence. But all of those parts are very part of the ver that
parts are very part of the ver that of the offchain verification. And when
of the offchain verification. And when the onchain verification happens
the onchain verification happens this proof is has been already
this proof is has been already through this process.
yes. So currently the the guarantees where
do I pass this? Ah yeah let me answer this first. yes. So there's currently
this first. yes. So there's currently a new feature we want to to to do is
a new feature we want to to to do is to actually put some collateral that can
to actually put some collateral that can give stakeholders more guarantees.
give stakeholders more guarantees. So ina so we would because from the
So ina so we would because from the beginning this sounds more like okay we
beginning this sounds more like okay we will we could be giving random money to
will we could be giving random money to a strangers stranger that maybe at that
a strangers stranger that maybe at that point everything was true but then still
point everything was true but then still did a rock pole as as you mentioned and
did a rock pole as as you mentioned and and therefore we are creating this
and therefore we are creating this other collateralization mechanisms
other collateralization mechanisms but that's not defined yet. But
but that's not defined yet. But that's why also on the first stage of
that's why also on the first stage of this we are focusing only on companies
this we are focusing only on companies that we know
that we know that can give this guarantees and are
that can give this guarantees and are not a meme company for example. So
not a meme company for example. So that's one one really important
that's one one really important point.
point.
so stellar asset or so. So so the tok the the
the tok the the stellar
stellar the artist this token actual stellar
the artist this token actual stellar asset or sorban tokens. So as we as I
asset or sorban tokens. So as we as I was saying it's the token that's
was saying it's the token that's distributed is a USDC
distributed is a USDC and how the asset of the token holder
and how the asset of the token holder is also a token because why and
is also a token because why and why not a regular seller asset because
why not a regular seller asset because we needed to create some extra functions
we needed to create some extra functions that were not into the assets.
Okay, great. I think I think you got caught up on all the questions. It's
caught up on all the questions. It's great to see that there's so many
great to see that there's so many questions, so much interest in in what
questions, so much interest in in what you guys are doing and how you how you
you guys are doing and how you how you how you structure it. So yeah, it was
how you structure it. So yeah, it was great. if there's no other questions,
great. if there's no other questions, then I guess we can we can stop here,
then I guess we can we can stop here, but thank you so much for for joining
but thank you so much for for joining today. I think it's super interesting to
today. I think it's super interesting to see what you're doing. It's I I kind
see what you're doing. It's I I kind of I kind of like these type of
of I kind of like these type of projects that are not not the typical
projects that are not not the typical projects we see. it's definitely
projects we see. it's definitely using using tokens and using the
using using tokens and using the platform in a different way. I think
platform in a different way. I think that's that's super interesting.
that's that's super interesting. yeah.
yeah. >> Yeah. Just let me add there's a last
>> Yeah. Just let me add there's a last one.
one. >> Yeah. Yeah. To to answer that last
>> Yeah. Yeah. To to answer that last question. Yes. One of our also our
question. Yes. One of our also our current goals is to bring
current goals is to bring liquidity from other blockchains
liquidity from other blockchains in particular from Ethereum based
in particular from Ethereum based blockchains liquidity and that's
blockchains liquidity and that's because actually we're not only based on
because actually we're not only based on working on stellar but we're also
working on stellar but we're also working on base
working on base and we see this potential from
and we see this potential from bringing more liquidity to stellar
bringing more liquidity to stellar from base through this infrastructure
from base through this infrastructure projects and yes we are taking a
projects and yes we are taking a look at near intense.
>> Great. Well, thank you for joining everyone and thank you for joining too,
everyone and thank you for joining too, Fernando. It was great to to catch up
Fernando. It was great to to catch up with you and I'm sure I'll see you at
with you and I'm sure I'll see you at events around the world like I have this
events around the world like I have this the past year. Thank you for the
the past year. Thank you for the invitation. It was a pleasure.
invitation. It was a pleasure. >> Yeah. And and if anyone else has any
>> Yeah. And and if anyone else has any questions, I'm sure you can reach out to
questions, I'm sure you can reach out to the team on on Discord. I think one of
the team on on Discord. I think one of the things that's very interesting about
the things that's very interesting about this is that brings up some use cases
this is that brings up some use cases and some some things that are that
and some some things that are that that raises some questions because maybe
that raises some questions because maybe we haven't seen that before or maybe
we haven't seen that before or maybe we're not used to thinking about
we're not used to thinking about tokenization in this way or using the
tokenization in this way or using the platform. So, a lot of great questions
platform. So, a lot of great questions that really that really I think you
that really that really I think you had great answers and it's it's
had great answers and it's it's interesting to to see how you're
interesting to to see how you're building this. So, thank you everyone
building this. So, thank you everyone and see you again next week.
and see you again next week. >> Thank you. Bye. Bye.